Steps That I Have Applied:

1. First I have Cleaned Data, Soreted According to its Type, Renamed come columns as per required.

2. Created a Donut Chart by adding Legend field as Region and Values field as Sum of sales. Here change Title and Data Labels as per required.

3. Created another Donut Chart by adding Legend feild as Segment and Values field as Sum of Sales. Here change Title and Data Labels as per required.

4. Created a Stacked Area Chart that show data of X-axis as Ordered Date in Month , Y-axis as Sum of Sales and Legend as Ordered Date in Year. Through this chart i want to show monthly sales in a Year.

5. Created a Stacked Area Chart that show data of X-axis as Ordered Date in Month , Y-axis as Sum of Profit and Legend as Ordered Date in Year. Through this chart i want to show monthly profit in a Year.

6. Here I have Created a CLustered bar chart that shows the details such as Ship Mode on Y-axis , Sum of Sales in X-axis and Rename Title as Sales by Ship Mode.

7. Here I have Created a CLustered bar chart that shows the details such as Category on Y-axis , Sum of Sales in X-axis and Rename Title as Sales by Category.

8. Used a Map to Visualize location by state, Bubble size by Sales and Profit in Tooltips to get clear insights.
Also Changed Title as Sum of Sales and Sum of Profit by State.

9. Here I have Created a CLustered bar chart that shows the details such as Sub-Category on Y-axis , Sum of Sales in X-axis and Rename Title as Sales by Sub Category.

10. I haved created 3 cards such as sales, Quantity and Profit that are automatically changed as per required.

11. Created a Slicer that contians field of Region which has Central, East, South, West. Also format it as per required.

12. Created a Text Box giving the Dashboard Name as per reuired by client.

13. Created another Page and here i showed a 15 Days forecasting through various feactures.

14. Created a line chart that shows Ordered Date on X-axis and Sales on Y-axis also change title as Sales Forecast - 15 Days.

15. Created a line chart that shows Ordered Date on X-axis and Sales on Y-axis also change title as Sales Forecast - 15 Days. Here i have added a Zoom Slider to check the data in detail for each date and Number of sales Each date ordered.

16. Added a Clustered Bar Chart that shows state on Y-axis, sales on X-axis and here i have took top 10 states that has highest sales.

17. Hence Saved Both Pages and Publishover Over Onedrive.